and if you've had your home with your car hit by the rain and it does not have to be
hard see what to do to recover the damage in the report of luiz gustavo
the storm outside
the waiting queue inside some workshops
his service until March scheduled hail 'cars dragged by the
floods crushed under trees less damage for those who have insurance
but for this the client needs to pay attention at the time of signing the
contract is the guarantee of indemnity when a clause in the document provides
this possibility
the rule also holds true for flooding in most homes with insects are
covered unless cheating is flight time of the largest ie a mother died
vanessa had to take the police report to the insurer
her car was destroyed by a tree
They're going to have to pay bail
almost 800 reais
in this process
The repair I think was estimated at 12 thousand
the quaker
who does not have insurance can also recover the loss
but in this case you need to go to court to prove the damage is what
intends to make a resident of that street his car was parked right here
the storm came and the tree collapsed
and crushed the only car in the family until it was the profissinal but it neither compensates
I need to get out of here
at the end of last year residents complained of the piri defend January-
technicians of the secretariat of the environment and went to the place but understood that
there was need to cut the tree the documents and photos' taken little
after the car is destroyed they will be used as proof by their antonio in the
against the city hall of belo horizonte someone has to be
responsible
recently the nature of the white house is already foreseen in article
37 to warm this federal constitution she has the obligation to effectively
to take care of the patrimony of caring in the case here of the tree that shelter causes
a damage
to a third party by default of the public administration she is guilty
that's why your john is photographing in front of the house where you live
infested with endangered termites and threatens to
and it will not be for lack of warning sarney of voucher that people
did something in that type triggered the public power that owes the number
to take action
before he
there are pitiful facts